>> Will Sentance: So folk, there it is,
amazing work over the last two days.
Enormous gratitude to every single person
that I called upon the whole way through.
Who knows if you knew that was coming.
But my goodness if you did not know,
[LAUGH] what a ride it's been.
But it's been an absolute pleasure.
We went through, let's briefly sum it up.
We went through the underlying
principles of JavaScript that you saw,
they never went away.
[LAUGH] They were at bedrock.
We then saw an interesting piece that
makes up a core part of functional
programming, our higher order functions,
that ability to leave a placeholder for
some functionality in a function and then
only determine the functionality fully
once we run the function and that's pretty
nice, part of functional programming.
Or maybe I'll even say actually
where you can take these things.
If you wanna learn more about that,
because there's a ton of functions you can
edit, particularly the most powerful one
of all, reduce, pretty beautiful actually,
all in the functional
programming Hall parts.
I'll give you some little
follow on things here.
Then we solve what for me is the most
beautiful feature of JavaScript, cuz it's
like the kinda, wow, if I get that,
I truly get JavaScript's execution model.
The idea that a function could in fact
return saved code into another global
label and
that that's gonna bring data with it on
his backpack that we then have access
to for the rest of time, permanently,
you will discover you
can use that everywhere.
That dominates jobs
without us even knowing.
Then we saw Asynchronous JavaScript
in the event loop.
This is something I'd love to do
a deeper dive like we saw the whole
model of asynchronous JavaScript, well,
honestly, we went way beyond JavaScript.
It was JavaScript running in the web
browsers, so we had to bring in all
the other stuff down here that
JavaScript gives us access to.
And they have a bunch of rules for
how that stuff when it finishes in the web
browser, like speaking to
the Internet old timers,
allows its associated functionality
that it's gonna run on completion.
And the data that maybe came
back from that background work,
back into JavaScript.
There's some follow on things from that
around things like chaining promises,
other areas, constructing
promises from scratch yourself.
But interesting to follow on into.
And then finally, we saw here classes,
prototypes, the prototype chain,
the proto property that is
not the prototype property,
[LAUGH] but
does link to the prototype property.
We saw how new and clause are not
changing anything under the hood besides
automating and giving us a shorthand way
of achieving what we achieved directly
with object.create, manually fine-grained
control in our solution two.
We saw that this keyword and
all the interesting, or
the two interesting
ways that it works out.
We saw how arrow functions can give
us even more control over that,
this keyword, and took us all
the way through to the final part,
which was building out class from scratch
using all of these pieces under the hood.
So folk, it's been an absolute pleasure.
I've loved doing this with all of you.
I think that is it.
Let's say we're a wrap, 5:30, we did it.
It's been a pleasure.
We will see you all [LAUGH] one day again.
Thank you everybody and cheers.
>> Speaker 2: Great.
[APPLAUSE]